Add Contributor guidelines link to PR review guideline doc (#17)
ansible-collections/cloud-content-handbook: GUIDELINES/PR_submission_and_review_guidelines.md

- Verify that tests have been added or updated to cover all changes to the code.
- Verify that any new or updated tests were executed and passed in the Continuous Integration (CI) environment.

> For additional information on contributor guidelines, please consult the documentation available [here](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/community/collection_contributors/collection_reviewing.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For additional guidelines on reviewing Ansible collection PRs, please consult the documentation available [here](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/community/collection_contributors/collection_reviewing.html).
```
